# Story idea

### Characters

1. (VICTIM) Vinnie Valentine: a regular at the bar and mildly successful middle-aged businessman. Made a small fortune for himself via various small businesses, and has since learned to spend more of that fortune on drinks at the bar. He was found dead in a back corner booth with gunshot wounds in his chest and head. Recently discovered Benjamin has been moving in the shadows to create an army of androids to do his bidding.
2. (CULPRIT) Benjamin "Big-shot" Blamblin: a rough-and-tough ex-space marine that now works as a bouncer for the bar. His aim is true and, during his service, he earned the nickname "Big-shot" by often pulling his gun rather liberally. Despite this, he is beloved by most regulars at the bar. Recently has received intel from some of his partners regarding a way to hack androids programming.
3. (SUSPECT) Tina Marino: a sultry lounge singer who performs at the bar. While not as successful in the music industry as she would like to be, Tina loves to sing at the bar, and her signature song is "La Cantata", a song that she is famous for singing because the ending high note is so high that it causes a loud boom in the speakers system. Because she has fallen on hard times recently due to not being as successful as she would like, she has recently opened herself up to pursuing her business idea. Vinnie had promised he would help Tina start this business, but has not yet followed through on that promise.
4. (SUSPECT) Kevin (...just Kevin): Kevin is a cool leather-jacket-wearing pool shark that is almost always playing a game of pool at the bar's pool table. He is infamous for being able to convince anyone to play a game with him, no matter who it is, and then swindling them of their money. He has done this to Vinnie once. Wally keeps on telling him how Vinnie’s money comes from outlaw activities and that he will come after him for that time he swindled Vinnie’s money.
5. (SUSPECT) Wally Pevels: a chronic gambler that spends more time and money at the bar's poker table than he should. He is known to have borrowed money from Vinnie that he still owed him on the day of the murder. He wanted to convince Kevin to kill Vinnie in order not to pay, since he hasn’t the grit to do it. When asked by Vinnie to end his pain, gives him a mercy shot in the head.
6. (ACCOMPLICE) The player: an android with the ability of diving into people’s thoughts. It was programmed by Benjamin to execute Vinnie who discovered Ben’s ploy. The program however, came in two parts. He would track Vinnie at the bar and shoot him down at the determined time, then start acting as a cold detective trying to find the killer. As soon as he shot Vinnie in the chest twice, the android went to leave the bar but the program tweaked to the second part, making him stop at the front door and re-enter again. This time sure a crime happened and the killer was inside. 

### The murder
Wally walked into the bar early in the day, before most patrons show up. He spent this time drinking with Benjamin, secretly getting him drunk enough that he was able to swipe his gun off of him without him noticing. Soon after that time, Tina was preparing her set list for the night, and Wally went up to her and begged her to perform "La Cantata" at the end of that night, telling her he really wanted to hear it. Later on he would give the gun to Kevin, since Kevin was fearful of Vinnie’s presence that night. Kevin would finally do it and Wally wouldn’t have to pay. When Vinnie came in at the end of the night, Wally sat with him, and the two of them were alone. Kevin was about to join them during the middle of La Cantata, but an android who was talking to the bartender just got up, came unto them and shot Vinnie in the chest three times. He left through the door as the characters were paralyzed and Benjamin was too drunk to react. 

It turns out however, that Benjamin had hacked into the android’s programming with intel he received from spec ops at the marines and he’s using androids to commit crimes that benefit him and his group. Vinnie had come across that information and was executed before he could spill the beans.